Data link: 
http://snap.stanford.edu/data/as.html



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A. Source Code

The source code (AS.py) is used for generating the GraphML format files. I did the programming in Eclipse+Python2.7 environment.
But one can compile it in any Python platform.

Here are instructions for compiling and running the code:
	(1) Create a folder named 'AS' in your local disk.
	(2) Create 3 folders named 'Raw Data', 'src', 'GraphML' in 'AS' folder.
	(3) Go to http://snap.stanford.edu/data/as.html, download 'as-733.tar.gz', extract it and put all these extracted txt documents into your 'Raw Data' folder.
	(4) Download the source code AS.py in my website and put it in 'src' folder, and you can compile and run it:
		python AS.py
		(In Windows Systems, you can double-click AS.py to execute it.)
	(5) You will get your generated GraphML files in 'GraphML' folder. These GraphML instances are generated by 1-day time span.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	

B. Sample file

It is a sample GraphML format file generated by running the code. It's a daily instance from the Raw Data and has been 
converted into a corresponding GraphML format file, which contains nodes and edges which are added in that corresponding day.
A node represents a peer in Autonomous Systems and an edge represents the communication between two peers. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

C. Citation:

(1) J. Leskovec, J. Kleinberg and C. Faloutsos. Graphs over Time: Densification Laws, Shrinking Diameters and Possible Explanations. 
    ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD), 2005.
(2) http://snap.stanford.edu/data/as.html
